is this a smart branding move is this
grasping for straws you don't strike you
it smacks a little bit of desperation
don't get me wrong the idea is a great
idea it's surprising no and thought of
this before but for Intel to put its
brand behind this is pretty risky really
given that its brand isn't in the
strongest of positions in the last few
years anyway so i'll be i'll be
surprised whether they can meet the
expectations of reality TV viewers who
are watching shark tank and the
apprentice while still making it build
their brand that said I mean Mark
Burnett is no slouch Lucas what's your
take on this I mean I think they're
they're two things at work here one is
that technology just occupies a far
larger part of culture than it once did
between social media and different
consumer facing tech companies whether
you say uber Airbnb and Hollywood tends
to reflect whatever is happening in
society so you have one of the biggest
shows on HBO is set in Silicon Valley
titled Silicon Valley and so instead of
it was bound to happen that you're going
to have some reality shows set in that
same world the other part is that I
think Hollywood hopes that if you have a
tech show you'll appeal to a younger
demo you see with all the TV networks
the average viewer tends to be going up
and so whether it's partnering with
impel or putting a YouTube star in the
middle of a show they're trying to reach
people who might tune in that who were
between the age of 20 and 40 GE is
sponsoring its own show called
breakthroughs with Ron Howard is this a
continuing trend yeah it does this
actually a story in one of the
entertainment trades this morning that
on the the fiction side that I think NBC
or CBS CBS was working on a comedy that
was loosely inspired by the people you
may know feature on Facebook you're
definitely going to see more and more
shows whether it's nonfiction reality or
fiction that are set in the world of
tech James even though you think it's a
little bizarre DC could Intel actually
incorporate some of these ideas into its
business or is this purely a branding
opportunity purely a branding
opportunity if you think about it if
there's someone out there with the next
big idea they've already taken it to
Kickstarter they're not gonna sit and
wait and say oh a million dollars from
Intel
to partner with for the next few years
which you know isn't necessarily a bad
thing but you don't have to wait for the
big guys to hand you the money anymore
that's the change of the digital economy
you can go out and get the money
yourself on Kickstarter IndieGoGo and I
think those ideas are already out there
so if not start a reality show what does
Intel really need to do to get its
business back in line you know it's
really it comes back to putting some
amazing products back out onto the
market the problem that intel has is the
Microsoft problem you've been known for
doing one thing for so long and that's
the thing that makes your shareholders
happiest and now that thing isn't as
important to the world as it used to be
you've got to innovate Microsoft's done
a pretty good job starting to innovate
they've come up with a variety of new
products new services cloud services and
so on we're not seeing that innovation
out of Intel and moving your brand
forward is not going to be sufficient
all right well the show is coming out
next year I'm a little curious I'll be
watching